https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-30240 (#8697)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: networking/submariner/subm_configure_rhos.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#configuring-submariner-rhos]
= Configuring Submariner for a {ocp} network

[role="_abstract"]
If you installed your cluster into an {ocp-short} network, add the `subnet-names` to the `annotations` field of the `SubmarinerConfig` resource. Add the subnet names as a comma-separated list. This configuration allows Submariner to discover the subnets in your {ocp-short} network.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Procedure

Complete the following steps to configure Submariner for an {ocp-short} network:

> . Open the `SubmarinerConfig` resource for editing. Run the following command, replacing values where needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the `SubmarinerConfig` resource for editing. Run the following command. Replace `<managed-cluster-ns>` with the namespace of your managed cluster:
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#configuring-submariner-rhos]
= Configuring Submariner for a {ocp} network

[role="_abstract"]
If you installed your cluster into an {ocp-short} network, add the `subnet-names` to the `annotations` field of the `SubmarinerConfig` resource. Add the subnet names as a comma-separated list. This configuration allows Submariner to discover the subnets in your {ocp-short} network.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Prerequisites

> - are there any prereqs?

Author: @aswinsuryan

Reviewer 2: - <<submariner-prereqs,Prerequisites>>
- <<submariner-ports,Submariner ports table>>
- <<submariner-globalnet,Globalnet>>

 was these removed ?

Author: the sections were not removed. The info that you are asking about is a table of contents for the file. The docs team is going through migration updates and we must remove table of contents in the files. 

Are there any prereqs for this topic?

Reviewer 2: there is no pre-requsite for this section.
